Xiaoyu, thank you for picking it up for me today.
But I've always regarded you as my sister
I know, but I really like you.
I want to be with you.
I have sworn
In this life, I will not marry
But
This Mu Yan has been in front of all the authorities of the Northern Han Dynasty
Cut ties with you
Why are you still so stubborn?
Little Fifth Sister, I'll beat you to death, you bastard
Zhao Changyun, we are on our way
I heard the news of your birthday party
Did you get sick because of this?
I came today.
I must teach you a lesson, you bastard!
If you care that I won't stay with you, you dare to hit me, right?
OK
I'm going to beat you to death today, you bastard
Zhao Changyun
You don't even know what happened
Just come here to run wild
Get out of here, Zhang Ningyu
You really got involved with this little scumbag
How dare you scold me?
Okay, then I'll teach you a lesson first, you bitch
Can you eat soft rice?
You dare to hit me?
Wait, don't go, it's delicious
Pull out this person who dares to offend Mr. Shaw
Give it a good lesson yeah